Introduce myself 
---------------------


    Good afternoon,I'm YongTao Wang,a postgraduate from university of eletronic science and technology (abbreviated UESTC),major in computer software theorem. I was born in Hubei province,September 7,1987.
    when I was a senior in college,I fail to take the graduate entrance exam.In 2009,I grauated from oxbridge college,Kunming University of science and technology with the outstanding graduate of Yunnan province.then,I got an inter as a programmer writing code about website for small companies.Because of experiencing many similar projects in school or company,I feel a little tire about that,I wanted to need some challenges and give myslef a try for the graduate exam again.Therefore,I decided to prepare for the exam and took some materials my home.
    In 2010,I became a postgraduate of UESTC.During this time about two years,I finished two projects totally,which all were about distributed filesystem and linux operating system.The first project of my job was two points:First,I investigated a problem of storaing metadata storage by reading some papers,I provided a Key/Value solution for metadata storage like bigtable or nosql.One file saved the metadata by appending the record,the other built a index for the former one by B+ tree. To organize it more conveniently,I see the metadata as a filesystem with inode and superblock referenced by linux filesystem.Moreover,I written a communication component with C++ to provide a service for client.The second job was to provide a friendly interface for linux user.Our client wanted to see all data from storage as a disk,all operations was just like a local disk.My mentor found a filesytem in userspace(abbreviated FUSE),which couldn't be content with our client.So I had read this open source project for three months,then rework this framework,which mainly be focused on metadata and data cache using rbtree-variant(order-statics tree) and lru and dictory tree.You can see details in my CV.
    My strength is that I am a quiet and peaceful person in my mind,curious about some classical and new technology,which also take me many time to discover its details.
    My weakness is that it's difficult for me to take a decision on some importance thing instantly.I must think it again and again to take so that I can't be guilty for that, Although it's a bad decision.
    Thank you.
